README.md, before:

# SQLFlutter
UI = sql.f(database)
Database = sql.f (Database, UserAction)

State could be misleading, and it should not be too special to manage. We put them in the database and it is de-demonized thereafter.

## Routing is Data, Not State

Routing is super important **data** rather than state. When we want effective data, routing is always in the SQL.

Think of it like Google Sheets formulas:

```
| A (UserAction) | B (CurrentRoute)          |
|----------------|---------------------------|
| "click_login"  | =IF(A1="click_login", "/login", B0) |
| "submit_form"  | =IF(A2="submit_form", "/dashboard", B1) |
```

In SQL terms:

```sql
-- The current route is derived from user actions and conditions
SELECT
  CASE
    WHEN last_action = 'click_login' THEN '/login'
    WHEN last_action = 'submit_form' AND is_authenticated = 1 THEN '/dashboard'
    WHEN last_action = 'logout' THEN '/'
    ELSE current_route
  END AS route
FROM app_state
```

Just like a spreadsheet cell updates automatically when its dependencies change, your route is a **computed value** from your data. No imperative `navigator.push()` - the route is simply what the SQL says it should be.

Commit message:

Simplify routing to a single table approach
Replace complex CASE logic with a simple routing table.
One row, one truth - the current screen is just a SELECT away.

README.md, after:

# SQLFlutter
UI = sql.f(database)
Database = sql.f (Database, UserAction)

State could be misleading, and it should not be too special to manage. We put them in the database and it is de-demonized thereafter.

## Routing is Data, Not State

Routing is super important **data** rather than state. When we want effective data, routing is always in the SQL.

Think of it like Google Sheets formulas:

```
| A (UserAction) | B (CurrentRoute)          |
|----------------|---------------------------|
| "click_login"  | =IF(A1="click_login", "/login", B0) |
| "submit_form"  | =IF(A2="submit_form", "/dashboard", B1) |
```

In SQL terms, we simply have a routing table:

```sql
CREATE TABLE routing (
  id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
  current_screen TEXT NOT NULL
);

-- That's it. One row, one truth.
SELECT current_screen FROM routing WHERE id = 1;
-- Result: '/dashboard'
```

When a user action happens, we update the table:

```sql
UPDATE routing SET current_screen = '/settings' WHERE id = 1;
```

The UI listens to this table. The screen you're on is just a `SELECT` away. No navigation stack, no router configuration, no state management - just data in a table.

Just like a spreadsheet cell updates automatically when its dependencies change, your route is a **computed value** from your data. No imperative `navigator.push()` - the route is simply what the SQL says it should be.
